Some UI improvements (#126)
advice-animal/ick: docs/whole-tutorial.md

can be run without ick.  This can simplify the testing and development of rules,
and means that ick can run code that wasn't written specifically for ick.

> Rules can modify files, or check files for conformance to a policy, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules can modify files, or indicate that files should be changed manually (aka NEEDS WORK), or both.
```
